Undergraduate Programmes | Xiamen University Malaysia
Skip to main content
Undergraduate Programmes
Admissions
Undergraduate Programmes
Text
We Offer a Range of Undergraduate Programmes at XMUM
At Xiamen University Malaysia (XMUM), students have the opportunity to pursue a wide range of carefully designed undergraduate programmes that span a wide spectrum of academic disciplines. Whether your interests lie in business, communication, science, technology, or traditional fields, you’ll find a programme that resonates with your aspirations.
At XMUM, you’re not just enrolling in a programme — you’re stepping into an educational experience that values curiosity, critical thinking, and personal growth. Our undergraduate programmes are designed to prepare students not only for their careers but also for a meaningful and purpose-driven life.
Discover our undergraduate programmes and find the one that’s right for you. Your future starts here.
Text
Image
Text
Undergraduate Programmes
Economics and Management
Text
Bachelor of Management in Accounting (Honours)
Bachelor of Economics in Finance (Honours)
Bachelor of Management in International Business (Honours)
Bachelor of Management in E-Commerce (Honours)
Bachelor of Management in Hospitality Management (Honours)
Communication
Text
Bachelor of Arts in Journalism (Honours)
Bachelor of Arts in Advertising (Honours)
Bachelor of Arts in Communication (Honours)
Arts and Social Sciences
Text
Bachelor of Arts in Chinese Studies (Honours)
Bachelor of Arts (Honours) in English Language and Literature
Energy and Chemical Engineering
Text
Bachelor of Engineering in New Energy Science and Engineering (Honours)
Bachelor of Chemical Engineering with Honours
China-ASEAN College of Marine Sciences
Text
Bachelor of Science in Marine Biotechnology (Honours)
Bachelor of Science in Marine Environmental Chemistry (Honours)
Computing and Data Science
Text
Bachelor of Engineering in Computer Science and Technology (Honours)
Bachelor of Engineering in Software Engineering (Honours)
Bachelor of Engineering in Digital Media Technology (Honours)
Bachelor of Engineering in Cyber Security (Honours)
Bachelor of Engineering in Data Science (Honours)
Artificial Intelligence and Robotics
Text
Bachelor of Electrical and Electronics Engineering (Hons)
Bachelor of Engineering in Artificial Intelligence (Honours)
Bachelor of Robotics and Automation Engineering with Honours
Mathematics and Physics
Text
Bachelor of Science in Mathematics and Applied Mathematics (Honours)
Bachelor of Science in Physics (Honours)
Traditional Chinese Medicine
Text
Bachelor of Medicine in Traditional Chinese Medicine (Honours)
Apply to XMUM in 3 Easy Methods
Online Application
Complete the online application form and upload your supporting documents through our secure portal at your convenience.
Apply Now
Email Application
Download, complete the form, and send it with all required documents to
admissions@xmu.edu.my
.
Apply Now
Paper Application
Print and complete the application form. Submit it by hand or post to the XMUM Admissions Office with the required documents.
Apply Now
Other Information
1. Application, Registration and Tuition Fees
Text
Application Fee
RM100 (non-refundable)
Registration Fee
RM200 (non-refundable)
Fees are payable to:
XMU JIAGENG EDUCATION DEVELOPMENT SDN BHD
For more information on applying to XMUM, including application procedures and required documents, please visit our
How to Apply
section.
For more details on tuition fees, please refer to our
Tuition Fees
section.
2. Payment Methods
Text
1. Cash, Cheque or Bank Draft
Submit to XMUM Finance Office.
2. Bank Transfer payable to (Beneficiary) "XMU JIAGENG EDUCATION DEVELOPMENT SDN BHD":
Bank Name
Public Bank Berhad
Malayan Banking Berhad
China Construction Bank (Malaysia) Berhad
BANK OF CHINA (MALAYSIA) BHD
Brand
KL City Main Office
KLIA 2
KL Main
KL Main
Account Number
319-724-8410
5624-3250-5328
696-000-440-003 (USD)
100000401135827 (MYR Currency)
Swift Code
PBBEMYKL
MBBEMYKL
PCBCMYKL
BKCHMYKL
Branch Address
Menara Public Bank, 146 Jalan Ampang, 50450, Kuala Lumpur, Malaysia
Retail Lot L3-1, Level 3, Gateway KLIA2, Sepang, Selangor, Malaysia
Level 20, Menara CCB, Quill 6, No 6, Leboh Ampang, City Centre, 50100, Kuala Lumpur, Malaysia
Ground Floor, Plaza OSK, 25 Jalan Ampang, 50450 Kuala Lumpur, Malaysia
3. Flywire (for new international students only):
Xiamen University Malaysia has partnered with Flywire to streamline the fee payment process for our international students. With Flywire, international students can pay in their home currency and enjoy the following benefits:
Online payment tracking
No bank fees
Have access to 24/7 multilingual customer support via live chat, email, phone or WeChat.
Payment for International Students:
New student – Admin Fees (RM 3,068)
New Student – Admin Fees & Security Deposit (RM 4,068)
Check out the
Flywire Payment Guideline.pdf
New / Existing Student - Tuition Fee / Hostel Rental
Check out the
Flywire Payment Guideline - Tuition Fee / Hostel Rental
.pdf
Payment for Exchange Students:
Exchange student
Check out the
Flywire Payment Guideline.pdf
Flywire 24/7 Customer Support Information:
Email:
support@flywire.com
Website:
flywire.com/support
(with live chat available)
Remark: The University reserves the right to make amendments without prior notice and as such shall not be held liable in respect of the said alterations.
3. Required Supporting Documents
Text
Certified copy of academic transcripts
Certified copy of diploma/certificate
NRIC (Malaysians) or passport (International)
Scholarship & Grant Form (if applicable)
Proof of fee payment
4. Accommodation
Text
Students may apply for
on-campus accommodation
during the application process. Details are provided in the official application materials
Need help? Contact:
admissions@xmu.edu.my
5. Scholarships & Financial Aids
Text
For more information, please visit
Scholarships & Financial Aids